[TT-17158] PUMP Config (#2024)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: snippets/pump-config.mdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the target MongoDB compatible database:

- set to `0` for MongoDB (default)
- set to `1` for AWS Document DB
- set to `2` for CosmosDB
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Path to the PEM file with trusted CA certificates that will be used to verify the Elasticsearch server's certificate.

### pumps.elasticsearch.meta.mcp_index_name
ENV: <b>TYK_PMP_PUMPS_ELASTICSEARCH_META_MCPINDEXNAME</b><br />
Type: `string`<br />

When set, MCP records are written to this index instead of the default IndexName.
Supports the same rolling-index date suffix as IndexName when RollingIndex is enabled.
Defaults to "" (empty), which means all records are written to IndexName as before.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When set, Model Context Protocol (MCP) records are written to this index instead of the default `IndexName`.
Supports the same rolling-index date suffix as `IndexName` when `RollingIndex` is enabled.
Defaults to `""` (empty string), meaning all records go to `IndexName`.
```

Determines if the aggregations should be made per minute (true) or per hour (false) if `aggregated` is set to `true`.

### pumps.hybrid.meta.enable_mcp_aggregation
ENV: <b>TYK_PMP_PUMPS_HYBRID_META_ENABLEMCPAGGREGATION</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

> Controls whether MCP (Model Context Protocol) analytics are aggregated and sent to MDCB via a separate RPC call. Only applies when `aggregated` is `true`.

Reviewer: Not sure about this description - we don't need to explain what the Hybrid Pump is here.

Do we mean `pumps.hybrid.meta.aggregated` when we say `aggregated`?

Does this mean that if `pumps.hybrid.meta.aggregated:true` and `pumps.hybrid.meta.enable_mcp_aggregation:false` that the MCP analytics will not be aggregated?

What if `pumps.hybrid.meta.aggregated:false` and `pumps.hybrid.meta.enable_mcp_aggregation:true`?

Reviewer 3: for "Do we mean pumps.hybrid.meta.aggregated when we say aggregated?" -> yes that was my intention

therefore: 
if pumps.hybrid.meta.aggregated is set to true and pumps.hybrid.meta.enable_mcp_aggregation is set to false, MCP analytics are not aggregated and are completely dropped (wrt to MDCB).

and

if pumps.hybrid.meta.aggregated:false, the enable_mcp_aggregation flag is ignored entirely. All analytics (including MCP) are sent as raw, unaggregated data.

Determines if the aggregations should be made per minute (true) or per hour (false) if `aggregated` is set to `true`.

### pumps.hybrid.meta.enable_mcp_aggregation
ENV: <b>TYK_PMP_PUMPS_HYBRID_META_ENABLEMCPAGGREGATION</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

EnableMCPAggregation controls whether MCP analytics are aggregated and sent

> to MDCB via a separate RPC call. Only applies when `aggregated` is `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Controls whether MCP (Model Context Protocol) analytics are aggregated and sent to MDCB via a separate RPC call. Only applies when `aggregated` is `true`.
```

required for Mutual TLS.

### pumps.mongo.meta.mongo_db_type

> Specifies the mongo DB Type. If it's 0, it means that you are using standard mongo db. If it's 1 it means you are using AWS Document DB. If it's 2, it means you are using CosmosDB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ENV: <b>TYK_PMP_PUMPS_MONGO_META_MONGODBTYPE</b><br />
Type: `int`<br />

Specifies the mongo DB Type. If it's 0, it means that you are using standard mongo db. If it's 1 it means you are using AWS Document DB. If it's 2, it means you are using CosmosDB.
```

required for Mutual TLS.

### pumps.mongo.meta.mongo_db_type
Specifies the mongo DB Type. If it's 0, it means that you are using standard mongo db. If it's 1 it means you are using AWS Document DB. If it's 2, it means you are using CosmosDB.

> Defaults to Standard mongo (0).

Reviewer 2: The `ENV:` and `Type:` lines were removed for this field but every other entry in this file has them. Looks like an auto-gen bug.

Root name of the JSON object the analytics record is nested in.

### pumps.stdout.meta.use_legacy_payload_format
ENV: <b>TYK_PMP_PUMPS_STDOUT_META_USELEGACYPAYLOADFORMAT</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

> UseLegacyPayloadFormat skips formatting of raw_request and raw_response as valid JSON objects instead of escaped strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the legacy formatting of raw_request and raw_response as  escaped strings rather than JSON formatting.
```
